# Project Team Meeting (Thursday 24th Nov 2022)

## Present:
- Lee
- Finn
- Paul

## Minutes:
- Lee

## Apologies:
- Mark

## What we discussed
- Unreal Engine 5 - embedding VR component into website
- What might be the problems?
- Any alternatives methods?


## What we decided
- Paul | VR Headset - retrieve from College
- UE5 research - will it work with VR project? or would we need another way of implementing VR tour

## Actions
| Action | Action By |
| --- | ----------- |
| Finn - Research other VR Software) | 01/12/2022 |
| Lee - Design Components | 01/12/2022 |
| Paul - Embedding VR onto Website | 01/12/2022 |

## Date of next meeting (01st Dec 2022)
- Problems solved?
- Recap research

## Any other business
n/a

## Other notes
- Could contact - Rory Gillies, from @ShetlandFlyer to conduct Drone footage of College (outside)
