# Project Team Meeting (16th March 2023)

## Present:
- Paul
- Lee
- Finn

## Minutes:
- Lee

## Apologies:
- n/a

---

## <strong>What we discussed</strong>

<details>

---

### Implementation Testing Update:
- Paul showcased working example of hotspots - navigation between images

---

### Pre-loaded images?
- there will be a lot of images being loaded when starting up. pre-loading images will help lower load times 
- Javascript? or Database?

---

### Design
- what other design features are needed? Icons? Search Navigation?

---

### Github pull request
- should we update all forked repo's into main repo? then fork over new updated main repo.

---

### Other assessmnets due
- should we take a break to focus on upcoming assessment for different modules?

</details>

---

## <strong>What we decided</strong>

<details>

---

### Pre-loaded images
- Database to be built to hold image ids - we think it would be easier to reference to rooms

---

### Design
- Hotspot icons needed - shows navigation between images.
- Search Navigation menu - expand on fully.

---

### GitHub
- Pull requests will be sent to update main repo
- https://github.com/LeeaDevine/Bsc-Group-Project

---

### Take a small break (return 30/03/2023)
- Reason: Other assessments due soon - want time to finish those before proceeding with team project
</details>

---

## Actions
| Action | Action By |
| --- | ----------- |
| Paul - Continue implementation | 30/03/2023 |
| Finn - Desing Database - Images | 30/03/2023 |
| Lee - Design Icons / Finish webpage| 30/03/2023 |

---

## Date of next meeting (23/03/2023)
- Update on implementation
- Database update
- Icons / Search feature update

## Any other business
n/a

## Other notes
n/a
