# Project Team Meeting (Thursday 02 March 2023)

## Present:
- Paul
- Lee
- Finn

## Minutes:
- Lee

## Apologies:
- n/a

---

## What we discussed

<details>

---

- Paul dicussed updates -> Test examples
  - Demonstarted:
    - Test project[working example - was able to move from classroom to hallway]
    - Team project[testing hotspots]

---

- Looked at Figma Design -> https://www.figma.com/file/8igFt2Dbfb2sNTdT6AoyPf/Team-Project---UHI-webpage?node-id=0%3A1&t=wt3QK5jgkgL9TYiW-0

---

- Dicussed how Hotspots would work
  - Icons representing objects -> reception desk [popup display - brief introduction to the college(as an example)]
  - Whether we will use hotspots to show where next image location is - movement

---

- Looked at some of photos taken [A, B Blocks]
  - How photos would transition into a new block/department

---

- Website progress?
  - havn't started yet
</details>

---

## What we decided
- Continue testing how hotspots are going to be implemented
- Design Icons and Search Navigation -> that can be used within testing examples
- Photos can be re-taken if need be - use what photos we have for testing
- Start mockup of website to showcase VR model on

## Actions
| Action | Action By |
| --- | ----------- |
| Paul - Test Hotspots | 09/03/2023 |
| Finn - Help reference images id's | 09/03/2023 |
| Lee - Design Icons for use| 09/03/2023 |
| Lee - Continue Design process| 09/03/2023 |

---

## Date of next meeting (09/03/2023)
- Update on actions from last week
- Next steps

## Any other business
n/a

## Other notes
n/a
