# Project Team Meeting (6th April 2023)

## Present:
- Paul
- Lee
- Finn

## Minutes:
- Lee

## Apologies:
- n/a

---

## What we discussed
Showcased pathing through college:

- confusion with order of images [construction dept]
- confusion with connections between images
  
Database updates: implementing node.js

- code implemented using existing code
- stores images and icons in database

Icon display box:

- need template version
- used for each information icon

Increasing meetings per week:

- should we increase the number of meetings?

---

## What we decided
Showcased pathing through college:

- went through images to sort correct order [construction dept]
- went through images to sort correct connections between blocks/dept
- Continue mapping out.

Database updates: implementing node.js:

- implement code with updated postioning and values.
- implement hotpoints

Icon display box:

- create design template for information display box
- send over template to development team

Increasing meetings per week:

- Yes, add 1 extra meeting [Monday and Thursday]

---

## Actions
| Action | Action By |
| --- | ----------- |
| Paul - Continue mapping out college | 10/04/2023 |
| Paul - implementing info display boxes | 13/04/2023 |
| Lee - Design info display box template | 10/04/2023 |
| Finn - continue implementation of node.js version | 13/04/2023 |

---

## Date of next meeting (10th April 2023)
- Updates from actions
- Next steps - anything important needed done?

## Any other business
n/a

## Other notes
n/a
