# Project Team Meeting (Day Date)

## Present:
- Paul
- Lee
- Finn

## Minutes:
- Lee

## Apologies:
- n/a

---

## What we discussed

### Updates: information display box [Paul]
 
- Problems with font display - certain words/characters seem to be bolder than others.
- Where to add more info icons/ display boxes?

### Updates: WASD Navigation [Lee]

- Basic run-through of current version of the code.
- hotpoints do not update when moving to next sky/scene

### Updates: Node.js Prototype [Finn]

- Waititng on icon/hotpoint positions to be finialised.

---

## What we decided

### ### Updates: information display box

- Start with adding Construction department info icons/ displays
- fix issue with font on the info display boxes.

### Updates: WASD Navigation

- Fix issue with hotpoints not updating.
- Add the rest of the building hotpoints when fixed.

### Updates: Node.js Prototype

- Once positions have been completed, update to current version of the code [github repo]

### Last Meetings:

- get in contact with clients to showcase what we have so far and get any feedback to help complete the last stage of the project.

---

## Actions
| Action | Action By |
| --- | ----------- |
| Paul - Info Display - Updates | 20/04/2023 |
| Lee - WASD Navigation - Updates | 20/04/2023 |
| Finn - Node.js - Updates | 20/04/2023 |

---

## Date of next meeting (20/04/2023)
- Meeting with client.
- Updates on current state of code.

## Any other business
- Last meetings structure 
- Get high priority features completed.

## Other notes
n/a
