# Project Team Meeting (13th April 2023)

## Present:
- Paul
- Lee
- Finn

## Minutes:
- Lee

## Apologies:
- n/a

---

## <strong>What we discussed</strong>

update of mapping - showcased half of college.
  - few problems with move icon scaling
  - alignment of camera when moving to new scene

info display box
  - fix issue with positioning
  - need descriptions for each display box

colour change - move icon
  - current colour hard to see in certain areas

double check photographs:
  - make sure that each room is correctly mapped

information icons:
  - map out what each area and find suitable equipment/rooms to give info icons

hotpoints [extra feature]
  - add to more than one picture?
  - say we want to have it display in more than just 1 scene
  - example - front entrance:
    - 3 positions can have the info icon display for library information.

WASD controls:
- showcased prototype of wasd functionality - problems to fix with moving between scenes. 
- need to find solution to when a user wants to go a particular way between 2 move icon point in same scene. 

---

## <strong>What we decided</strong>

### Updates:

- <u>Finish mapping</u> of building -> make sure rooms are correctly tied to image.
- <u>Navigation/search</u> feature to be added to current version
- <u>Move Icon</u> -> colour has been changed [purple] - easier to see now.
- <u>info display box</u> -> fix positioning problems/alignment - map through all areas and label additional info icons to be used.
- <u>wasd controls</u> -> fix problems and finish protoype.

---

## <strong>Actions</strong>
| Action | Action By |
| --- | ----------- |
| Paul - Correct Mapping of building | 17/04/2023 |
| Paul - Display box problems fixed | 17/04/2023 |
| Lee - WASD controls working | 17/04/2023 |
| Finn - Map images and label info icons | 17/04/2023 |

---

## Date of next meeting (17/04/2023)
- Update of actions
- problems/bugs
- next steps

## Any other business
### emailed Client:
- we want to show demo of VR tour and get feedback

## Other notes
n/a
