# Project Team Meeting (Thursday 15th 09 2022)

## Present:
- Paul
- Mark
- Lee
- Calum
- Finn

## Minutes:
- Anna Breimann

## Apologies:
- n/a

## What we discussed
- Communication
- When and how to meet up
- File sharing
- Weekly logs
- Project ideas
- Documentation
- Roles

## What we decided
### Communication
- We will meet up each thursday at 1pm either at the college or through Discord/Webex.
- We will use Github to hold our project files and discuss any pull requests before they are committed.

### Roles
- Project management: Lee with support
- Minute taker: Rota basis - Paul next week

### Documentation
- Each person will create a weekly log of work they have completed and commit this to github.
- Each person documents their own work.
- Collaborative assessment documentation using github.

## Actions
| Action | Action By |
| --- | ----------- |
| Everyone - Create weekly log on Github | 22nd Sep |
| Everyone - Think about project ideas | 22nd Sep |
| Mark - Create & setup Discord server | 22nd Sep |
| Lee - Investigate project management tools | 22nd Sep |
| Calum - Create & setup Github repository | 22nd Sep |

## Date of next meeting (Thursday 22nd 09 2022)
- Hopefully discuss project ideas with Euan
- Project ideas anyone has come up with

## Any other business
| Action | Action By |
| --- | ----------- |
| Mark - Contact Euan about initial meeting | 22nd Sep |
| Mark - Confirm meeting date/time via discord | 22nd Sep |

## Other notes
n/a